Ya Xiu is not as good as Guiying
Mrs. Ding Di became his mother-in-law
Now let's not say we have no money to spend.
Hahaha, oops, I have to hide this card.
No one wants it, hahaha.
Take them to me
Catch him
What are you arresting me for?
Madam blames me for being obsessed with money
That
Only then will you agree to Xiaoru impersonating your own mother
In fact, that Shen Guiying is the daughter-in-law I bought
The gold lock is also hers.
This is Xiao Ru's
He's just a counterfeit
Yes, ma'am.
Zhao Xiangru is my own daughter who is pregnant for October
I know very well whether he has children or not
He's not your mother at all
Shen Guiying is
You are talking nonsense
The golden lock is obviously mine
I was the one who was abducted into Xiaozao Village
I have nothing to do with you
Ronaldinho, you are exposed
How can you use it day by day?
How much did the ancestral inheritance give you?
Let you slander me like this in front of my daughter
Fucking hurt me for money
You can't believe what they say.
I carved the words on the gold lock with my own hands
I am your biological mother